So guys, in today's video, we are going to
tell you that you can claim for
pre and post hospitalization of your IIC insurance. So, to
claim for Aaa Lord health insurance, it
is compulsory to have an application installed on your phone. You will also find the link of the application
in the description below.
And here you will
also get to see the name of the application. Simply
I Will Take Care is the name of the application, which is
IIC's own application. So
basically, you have to simply download this application from Play Store.
And then
after opening this application, you will get to
see an interface like this.
Here you will have to register with your mobile number. So,
you have to
enter your mobile number here. And then
after logging in to the application,
you will get to see an interface like this.
Here you can see that
you will get to see all the services like health insurance, motor policy, travel policy and home policy. Now here
you will be able to see that I have added one of my health
policies in this application.  This is
where you will get to
see all the details of this health policy.
If you want to add on a new policy here,
then simply here you have to
click on Add Policy and then after that, if
you have got this policy from any company, then
here you can add your policy by entering the company name and employee
ID and date of birth.
Or if you have
purchased any policy for individual health
policy, then simply
click on the Me option and enter your policy number, card number
and date of birth and
add on the policy from here. Similarly,
you can also add on your motor policy, travel
policy and home policies in this
application. But
for health insurance,
after adding on the policy here in this way, you simply get to
see an option below,
you have to click on the Claim option here.
Now here you are
asked which policy you
want to claim, like health policy or
motor policy, so simply here I
click on the option of my health policy
and  After that, you'll
also get to see the history of all the hospitalization claims you've filed so far. For
example, if I click on "Track Your Claim" here,
I
select the Simply member for whom I
want to claim.
Here, you can see
how many claims I've filed through this application, which have been
approved by Simply.
Now, I come back here
and here you'll see an option to "
Fill a Claim." Click on the "Fill a Claim"
option. Here,
you'll have to select an option: "Pre-
and Post-Hospitalization"
or "Hospitalization Remise
Embracement."
Under "Pre- and Post-Hospitalization," you can
upload your pre- and post-hospitalization bills and receive the money in your bank
account. And under "
Hospitalization," when you're
admitted to the hospital, you can upload your claim here and
receive the hospitalization bill.
Simply we are going to talk about pre and post,
so here we
click on the pre and post option and then
simply here you will get to
see all the details of your policy,
if you have many members enrolled in one policy
then here you will get to see the patient name, simply
after clicking on the patient name, you can simply select the name of the person in whose name you
want to apply the claim,
and then here
you will have to fill in your mobile number and email
ID and proper address here,
and after filling in all these things,
you simply have to
click on the proceed option here, and after that here
you will have to enter your state, city and
hospitalization name i.e. which
hospital you were admitted in, after that here
you will have to enter the date of admission i.e.
when you were admitted in that hospital, date of
discharge, date of discharge here,
and here you
get to see an option whether you had
availed the cashless bill here or
not, if you had availed the cashless bill  If you had availed it, then
you simply have to say yes here
and if you had not, then you simply have to
leave it at no. Now our yes
option is not enabled here because
we have not yet filled the above details here.
Now after selecting yes and no here,
you will have to select your claim amount here, that is,
how much amount you had claimed inside the hospital at that time
and after that you will have to
select the option of covid vaccination here, whether
you have taken the covid vaccination now
or not, if not, then
simply you can select note taken and click
on the proceed option and then
here you will have to
add down your bank account details in
which you
want the amount of your claim, so simply here
you enter your bank account details and along with it,
we enter our PAN number here and then
after filling all the details here, it is the turn
of the document, so what do you have to upload in the document
I will
tell you what you have to do later, so here you have to upload what all documents
you have to upload,
for that you have to simply
click on select document and
after that you will be able to see
what
options are available for uploading documents here, the first one which is our
main one is the claim form, you will get to
see the claim form below in the description, you simply have to
download that claim form and
you have to print page number two, page number
three and page number five of the claim form,
fill it, scan it and upload it here,
page number two, three and five, these two,
three and five are used in your
pre and post hospitalization,
from this claim form and
along with that you have to upload here, then after that
you have to upload a canceled check of one of your banks here,
you have to upload the final hospital bills
like the proper bill given to you by the hospital in which you were
admitted,
you have to upload that too here and
along with that if you have any post
and pre
You will also have to upload the hospitalization bills here and
after that you have to upload the pharmacy bills, that is, you have to upload the bills
of medicines that you have taken
and after that,
if you have some payment
receipts here, then
you can upload the payment receipts as well, otherwise there is no need,
your claim gets easily applied from the bill as well
and after that, by
selecting the option of others, you have to enter the
Aadhar card of the proponent here and also the person
in whose name the policy is, that is, the
main father who is the main
person is my father and
after the father, all our family members here, that is, they are
add-ons in the policy under this membership, so here I will have to
enter the Aadhar card of my father as well
and along with that, I will have to enter the Aadhar card of the person in whose name I am
applying the claim, so the Aadhar
cards of both of them have to be entered,
if you have your own individual policy, then
you just have to upload your Aadhar card here, so
You can simply upload all these documents
here, for example, if I want to
upload a claim form,
I will select "Claim Form" here, and
from here, by clicking on this option,
I can directly select the JPG image of my claim form from the gallery.
You should keep one thing in mind here
that here you only
get the option to upload images; you
cannot upload PDFs anywhere here.
Now, as I told you,
page number two, page number three, and page
number five, you should not upload them in PDF format.
You should get them scanned
by a cyber cafe and
get them in JPG format, that is, image format,
and first upload page number two, then
page number three, then page number five. In this
way, you can upload all these three pages
under the claim form option.
Then,
by selecting "Cancel Check," you can basically upload the canceled check here.
After that, you can upload the bills by
selecting the final hospital bill option. So, in
this
way, you can do it here.  Upload all your documents
and
after uploading, you simply have to click on the right option here and
submit from below.
As soon as you click on submit,
your ICICI loan claim gets simply
applied here.
All your documents are submitted here to ICICI.
Now it simply takes 8 to 10
days for this claim to be approved.
If your claim is approved, then
within 8 to 10 days, your
money is simply transferred to your bank account which
you had uploaded here. So in
this way,
you can claim the
pre and post hospitalization
bills of your ICICI bank insurance here. So,
if you liked this video of ours,
please like the video and if you
are new to this channel, please
subscribe to the channel. So, see you
in the next video. Till then, bye Jai Hind Vande
Mataram.